Update logic-apps-pricing.md (#124430)
Azure/azure-content: articles/logic-apps/logic-apps-pricing.md

When you create or deploy logic apps with the **Logic App (Standard)** resource type, and you select any Azure region for deployment, you'll also select a Workflow Standard hosting plan. However, if you select an existing **App Service Environment v3** resource for your deployment location, you must then select an [App Service Plan](../app-service/overview-hosting-plans.md).

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > The following plans and resources are no longer available or supported with the public release of the **Logic App (Standard)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The following plans and resources are no longer available or supported with the public release of Standard 
> logic app workflows in single-tenant Azure Logic Apps: Functions Premium plan, App Service Environment v1, 
```

> > Functions Premium plan, App Service Environment v1, and App Service Environment v2. The App Service Plan is only available and supported with App Service Environment v3 (ASEv3)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> and App Service Environment v2. The App Service Plan is available and supported only with App Service Environment v3 (ASE v3).
```
